feat: Slow down successive (same) exercise execution via throttle (#818)
rstudio/learnr: vignettes/articles/exercises.Rmd

insert_snippet("exerciseeval")
```

It may be necessary to slow down successive exercise submissions, otherwise users may overwhelm your server by running exercise code chunks in fast repetition. You can do so globally by setting the option `tutorial.exercise.debounce` to an amount of time (in seconds) that is waited before the same user's next code execution is performed:

> ```{r snippet-exercisedebounce, echo = FALSE}
> insert_snippet("exercisedebounce")
> ```

Reviewer: This is something we should remove from learnr's docs, so I'd rather we just inline the snippet here instead of using this `insert_snippet()` business.

```suggestion
```r
options("tutorial.exercise.debounce" = 1)
```
```

insert_snippet("exerciseeval")
```

> It may be necessary to slow down successive exercise submissions, otherwise users may overwhelm your server by running exercise code chunks in fast repetition. You can do so globally by setting the option `tutorial.exercise.debounce` to an amount of time (in seconds) that is waited before the same user's next code execution is performed. This option is set to 1 second by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To prevent server overload caused by users rapidly clicking the "Run Code" button, you can set a delay between exercise code submissions using the `tutorial.exercise.throttle` option (in seconds). This will ensure that the same user can only start the evaluation of one exercise per `tutorial.exercise.throttle` seconds. This option is set globally and the default is a delay of 1 second.
```

Reviewer: Note this ends up being a per-exercise setting, not a per-use setting.
